PRACTICAL NO 5
AIM: Network Traffic Capture and DoS Attack with Wireshark and Nemesy 
Network Traffic Capture: 
•Use Wireshark to capture network traffic on a specific network interface. 
•Analyze the captured packets to extract relevant information and identify potential security issues. 
Denial of Service (DoS) Attack:
•Use Nemesy to launch a DoS attack against a target system or network. 
•Observe the impact of the attack on the target's availability and performance.
SOLUTION:
1) Network Traffic Capture: 
•Use Wireshark to capture network traffic on a specific network interface. 
•Analyze the captured packets to extract relevant information and identify potential security issues. 

Step 1 : Open Wireshark and select WiFi 


Step 2 : Start Capturing the Packets


Step 3 : Go to chrome and visit the website : http://testphp.vulnweb.com/login.php


Step 4 : Now enter and username and password of your choice and click on login


Step 5 : Go to wireshark and click on the Red square button to stop the capturing of packets



Step 6 : Type http in the search bar to retrieve only http packets

Step 7 : Select the below Post packet to view the username and password. 

Step 8 : At the bottom you will get to see the username and password

2) Denial of Service (DoS) Attack:
•Use Nemesy to launch a DoS attack against a target system or network. 
•Observe the impact of the attack on the target's availability and performance.

Step 1: If you are using virtual windows 7 then do this setting in virtual box Setting → Network → Bridged Adapter 


 Step 2 : Download nemsey attack tool in windows 8

Step 3 : Open website and download it


 
Step 4: Open cmd in win 7 and type ipconfig and note ip address 


Step 5: Open cmd in targeted /main host and type ipconfig and note ip address in my case there we are considering “Ethernet adapter Ethernet”. 
 	

Step 6: Check connectivity between win 7 & host machine by sending packets  to win 7 enter “ping [win 7 ip address] -t -l 65500” 


Step 7 : Go to win 7 and right click on taskbar and Start Task Manager


Step 8 : Go To networking


Now here you we are receiving packets in win 7 
 
 
Step 9: Control – c to stop 
 

After stop see the result 
 

Note this details 


Step 10: Open control Panel 


Step 11: Go to Network & Internet →Ethernet right click → select  Properties → Sharing & Mark Checkbox & Change Home networking connection 


Step 12 : Select VMware network adaptor & After that click on setting


Step 13 : select all the services


Step 14: Go to Win 7 open cmd Enter : ping [Default Gateway] -t -l 65500 
 
 
 

Step 15: Install Nemesy in Win 7 & Enter Victim IP Address & no of packets size and time  


Observe the impact of the attack on the target's availability and performance. 
