PRACTICAL NO 2
AIM:  Password Encryption and Cracking with CrypTool and Cain and Abel
Password Encryption and Decryption: 
•Use CrypTool to encrypt passwords using the RC4 algorithm. 
•Decrypt the encrypted passwords and verify the original values. 
Password Cracking and Wireless Network Password Decoding:
•Use Cain and Abel to perform a dictionary attack on Windows account passwords. 
•Decode wireless network passwords using Cain and Abel's capabilities.

SOLUTION:
1)Password Encryption and Decryption: 
•Use CrypTool to encrypt passwords using the RC4 algorithm. 
•Decrypt the encrypted passwords and verify the original values. 

Step 1 : Download Cryptool1 from the website : https://www.cryptool.org/en/ct1/downloads/
Step 2 : Create a new text file 


Step 3 :  Write anything you want to encrypt


Step 4 : Click on Encrypt/Decrypt < Symmetric (Modern) < RC4


Step 5 : Click on Encrypt


Step 6 : A window will appear where you will get the encrypted text 


Step 7 : Now for decryption Click on Decrypt

Step 8 : A window will appear where you will get the original text of the encrypted text


2) Password Cracking and Wireless Network Password Decoding:
•Use Cain and Abel to perform a dictionary attack on Windows account passwords. 
•Decode wireless network passwords using Cain and Abel's capabilities.

Step 1 : Download Install and then open the Cain & Abel Tool

Step 2 : first go to sniffer and then click on configure , select the appropraite wireless adapter. Click on apply and then click on the ok button


Step 3 : activate sniffer


Step 4 : Click on + icon . check all tests checkbox and then click on OK



Step 5 :  click on APR  then click on the blank screen and then on the + icon. select any ip address ( ipv4 address) form the left side and select all ip address and mac address from right side and then click on ok

Step 6 : Apply sniffer by click on the start /stop sniffer on the top. It gives the status of all the devices connected to wifi


Step 7 : Then go the passwords tab it will display the passwords presents

